More samples dotnet ai (#39794)
dotnet/docs: docs/ai/quickstarts/quickstart-openai-generate-images.md

[!INCLUDE [download-alert](includes/prerequisites-and-azure-deploy.md)]

## Trying Generate Hiking Images sample

1. From a terminal or command prompt, navigate to the `05-HikeImages` directory.
2. It's now time to try the console application. Type in the following to run the app:

    ```dotnetcli
    dotnet run
    ```

    If you get an error message the Azure OpenAI resources may not have finished deploying. Wait a couple of minutes and try again.

## Understanding the code

Our application uses the `Azure.AI.OpenAI` client SDK, which is available on [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Azure.AI.OpenAI), to send and receive requests to an Azure OpenAI service deployed in Azure.

The `OpenAIClient` class facilitates the requests and responses. `ChatCompletionOptions` specifies parameters of how the model will respond.

```csharp
var openAIClient = new OpenAIClient(endpoint, credentials);

var completionOptions = new ChatCompletionsOptions
{
    MaxTokens = 400,
    Temperature = 1f,
    FrequencyPenalty = 0.0f,
    PresencePenalty = 0.0f,
    NucleusSamplingFactor = 0.95f, // Top P
    DeploymentName = openAIDeploymentName
};
```

> The entire application is contained within the **Program.cs** file. The first several lines of code loads up secrets and configuration values that were set in the `dotnet user-secrets` for you during the application provisioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The entire application is contained within the _Program.cs_ file. The first several lines of code load secrets and configuration values that were set in the `dotnet user-secrets` for you during the application provisioning.
```

```csharp
// == Retrieve the local secrets saved during the Azure deployment ==========

> var config = new ConfigurationBuilder().AddUserSecrets<Program>().Build();

Reviewer: I feel like I've suggested this already, which means we should either have this in an include, and share it, or differentiate this content somehow.

```suggestion
var config = new ConfigurationBuilder()
    .AddUserSecrets<Program>()
    .Build();

```
